# Long Term International Health Insurance

## 1. Introduction

Since 1997, Expatriate Group has supported expats worldwide, creating international healthcare plans tailored to the diverse needs of those living overseas. The international health insurance offers three flexible plans.

## 2. Covers & Areas

### Primary

- Inpatient
- Evacuation & Assistance

### Primary+ Light

- Inpatient
- Outpatient
- Evacuation & Assistance

### Primary +

- Inpatient
- Outpatient
- Evacuation & Assistance
- Annual medical check-ups
- Maternity complications

### Select

- The most comprehensive international healthcare plan
- Inpatient
- Outpatient
- Evacuation & Assistance
- Maternity care
- Dental care
- Optical care
- Preventative care

### Geographical Coverage

You are covered in your requested Area. The available options are:

- **Area 1**: Europe, Middle East, Africa, Asia, and Oceania; excluding China, Hong Kong, and Singapore.
- **Area 2**: Worldwide; excluding North America.
- **Area 3**: Worldwide.

You are covered outside of your selected Area for any trip up to 30 days in duration, up to $/£/€50,000 per event.

## 3. Important Remarks

1.  **Maximum Age**: At entry is 65.
2.  **Residency Requirement**: Insured persons must reside outside their country of nationality for more than 6 months in any 12-month period.
3.  **Coverage Outside Requested Area**: Limited to 30 days per trip and $/£/€50,000 per event.
4.  **Contract Term & Renewal**: The contract term is 12 calendar months (unless otherwise agreed in writing at the outset). The policy renews automatically, and payment is taken unless you choose not to continue.
5.  **Payment**: You can pay in full using a debit or credit card at the start of your policy or by monthly installment. A deposit is required at the start of the policy, with the remaining 11 payments collected monthly from the same card.
6.  **Pre-authorization**: Required for treatment exceeding $/£/€1,000.
7.  **Policy Conditions**: It is strongly advised to read and understand the policy conditions before issuing the policy.
8.  **Moratorium Cover**: No cover for pre-existing conditions.
    - **Pre-existing conditions** are defined as any condition, disease, illness, or injury, secondary or associated complaint for which you have sought or received advice, treatment, therapy, been submitted to a special diet, or shown symptoms in the two years prior to your Effective Date (whether or not the condition has been diagnosed).
9.  **Excess (Deductible)**: Applicable per condition, per person, per insurance year.

## 4. How to Quote and Apply

All information and online application are available.

## 5. Important Documents

- Benefits overview
- Policy conditions
- IPID (Insurance Product Information Document)
- Pre-existing conditions - moratorium cover
- Claim form

## 6. Do you have a question about Expatriate Group Long Term International Health Insurance?

We are happy to answer your questions. Please fill out the contact form.
